More resource updates from automation (#2710)
chef/chef-web-docs: content/resources/breakpoint/_index.md

  :nothing:
    shortcode: resources_common_actions_nothing.md
properties_list: []
examples: |
  **A recipe without a breakpoint**

  ```ruby
  yum_key node['yum']['elrepo']['key'] do
    url  node['yum']['elrepo']['key_url']
    action :add
  end

  yum_repository 'elrepo' do
    description 'ELRepo.org Community Enterprise Linux Extras Repository'
    key node['yum']['elrepo']['key']
    mirrorlist node['yum']['elrepo']['url']
    includepkgs node['yum']['elrepo']['includepkgs']
    exclude node['yum']['elrepo']['exclude']
    action :create
  end
  ```

  **The same recipe with breakpoints**

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In the following example, the name of each breakpoint is an arbitrary string.

```

  ```ruby
  breakpoint "before yum_key node['yum']['repo_name']['key']" do
    action :break
  end

  yum_key node['yum']['repo_name']['key'] do
    url  node['yum']['repo_name']['key_url']
    action :add
  end

  breakpoint "after yum_key node['yum']['repo_name']['key']" do
    action :break
  end

  breakpoint "before yum_repository 'repo_name'" do
    action :break
  end

  yum_repository 'repo_name' do
    description 'description'
    key node['yum']['repo_name']['key']
    mirrorlist node['yum']['repo_name']['url']
    includepkgs node['yum']['repo_name']['includepkgs']
    exclude node['yum']['repo_name']['exclude']
    action :create
  end

  breakpoint "after yum_repository 'repo_name'" do
    action :break
  end
  ```

>   where the name of each breakpoint is an arbitrary string. In the previous examples, the names are used to indicate if the breakpoint is before or after a resource, and then also to specify which resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the previous examples, the names are used to indicate if the breakpoint is before or after a resource and also to specify which resource it is before or after.
```

  :nothing:
    shortcode: resources_common_actions_nothing.md
properties_list: []
examples: |
  **A recipe without a breakpoint**

  ```ruby
  yum_key node['yum']['elrepo']['key'] do
    url  node['yum']['elrepo']['key_url']
    action :add
  end

  yum_repository 'elrepo' do
    description 'ELRepo.org Community Enterprise Linux Extras Repository'
    key node['yum']['elrepo']['key']
    mirrorlist node['yum']['elrepo']['url']
    includepkgs node['yum']['elrepo']['includepkgs']
    exclude node['yum']['elrepo']['exclude']
    action :create
  end
  ```

  **The same recipe with breakpoints**

> In the following example, the name of each breakpoint is an arbitrary string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In the following example, the name of each breakpoint is an arbitrary string.
```

  ```ruby
  breakpoint "before yum_key node['yum']['repo_name']['key']" do
    action :break
  end

  yum_key node['yum']['repo_name']['key'] do
    url  node['yum']['repo_name']['key_url']
    action :add
  end

  breakpoint "after yum_key node['yum']['repo_name']['key']" do
    action :break
  end

  breakpoint "before yum_repository 'repo_name'" do
    action :break
  end

  yum_repository 'repo_name' do
    description 'description'
    key node['yum']['repo_name']['key']
    mirrorlist node['yum']['repo_name']['url']
    includepkgs node['yum']['repo_name']['includepkgs']
    exclude node['yum']['repo_name']['exclude']
    action :create
  end

  breakpoint "after yum_repository 'repo_name'" do
    action :break
  end
  ```

> In the previous examples, the names are used to indicate if the breakpoint is before or after a resource and also to specify which resource it is before or after.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In the previous examples, the names are used to indicate if the breakpoint is before or after a resource and also to specify which resource it is before or after.
```
